NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
That boy that killed those kids...
...at school, he used a KG-9.
Ours?
Yeah.
I'm willing to trade your murder
for five others.
Testify against the MC and you'll walk away.
Back to your legit business
and, more importantly, your son.
TARA: Did you talk to Gemma?
Yeah. Told her everything.
TARA:
I need a restraining order.
Thank you.
Wanna tell me who needs restraining?
What are you doing with Lowen?
What I do is none of your business.
They're my grandkids.
I'll make sure they never suffer
the same fate as their father.
They'll not be raised in Charming.
They'll not know this life.
They will not know their angry
and psychotic grandmother.
Agh!
Lucky you're pregnant.
[SCREAMS]
GEMMA:
Jesus.
What the hell?
TARA: She attacked me.
GEMMA: I didn't do that.
Yes, you did. We all saw it.
She killed our baby. I don't ever
want her near our children again.
Promise me?
I promise.
[JOHN MORELAND'S "GOSPEL"
PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
Solid as the earth
And cool like the night
[KETTLE WHISTLING]
[BABY COOING]
Wear my heart on my sleeve
And be tough when I have to
[SIGHS]
You should eat something, babe.
Mm-mm.
I can't.
I'll take the boys to day care.
You need to rest.
Thank you.
l have to check in with the club,
but then I'll come home, okay?
Mm-mm. It's okay. I'll be fine.
Okay.
What are you gonna do about Gemma?
Don't worry about her.
Restraining order keeps her
away from you and the boys.
Who's gonna bail her out?
I don't give a shit.
Black, lots of sugar.
The coffee.
Thanks.
Mm-hm.
Why am I still here?
Well, you haven't
given my sheriffs anything.
I need more information
before I process you.
You got everything you need.
Eyewitness saw me kick
my pregnant daughter in the stomach.
Is that how it went down?
I'm the dirty biker whore
with a record.
She's the good doctor.
Does it really matter
what I have to say?
I need your statement.
Tell me what happened.
[SIGHS]
Jax's ex found out that
Tara was setting up a will...
...some kind of legal shit that would
give custody of the boys to a stranger.
Margaret Murphy.
Administrator.
Yeah.
I went down there to confront Tara.
She baited me. Hit me.
I checked myself,
and I did not hit her back.
And she threw herself
on the edge of her desk...
...and started screaming
that I kicked her in the stomach.
Hurt that baby.
And the eyewitnesses?
[SCOFFS]
Margaret Murphy
and Wendy Case, Jax's ex.
They had to be part of it.
I know how this sounds.
But why, Gemma?
Why would framing you be worth
causing her own miscarriage?
To keep me away from her family.
I don't think she was ever pregnant.
[THE BARBARELLATONES' "BALLAD OF SEX
WITH LURCH" PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
Put me on my back
I’m in heaven
3:77:15} ELLA-é . ii
3.34:} 2492-:
is:é>§:§i§§:
{*§<§—)*(;:§:/§
Well, let's go
[ENGINE STARTS]
[TONY JOE WHITE'S "WHO YOU GONNA
HOODOO NOW?" PLAYING ON SPEAKERS]
Bagger's out back. New plugs.
All set, man.
Thanks, Rat.
BOBBY:
How's Tara doing?
She'll be okay.
How are you?
I don't need to talk about it.
Aye.
JAX:
Happy and Juice get back?
Yeah.
Yeah, Juice is on his way.
Look, the shit that went down
between my mom and Tara was crazy.
Well, it's not about that.
JAX:
Get everyone here.
Chapel.
CHIBS:
Aye.
You trying us in the court
of public opinion, counselor?
l have no control of what the press
gets ahold of or how they spin it.
Right.
Has your client made up his mind,
Ms. Rodriguez?
You said 24 hours.
We still have some time.
Although it's just media speculation,
I'm afraid this unfortunate leak...
...is going to cause a great deal
of outrage.
lt'll force me to satisfy
the people's need for action.
Which means diverting a heavy
police presence into Byzlat territory.
That's good.
Maybe you can get our garbage
picked up on time.
This squeeze will jam up your crew
on every petty infraction.
Who knows?
Maybe we even pick somebody up
who doesn't have your loyal fortitude...
...and feels the need to save his own skin
by corroborating the story.
Then I guess I won't need you at all.
[LOCK BUZZES]
Ms. Rodriguez, you've got six hours,
I'd advise your client to act sooner.
Giving up the Sons of Anarchy is going to be
a very popular "get out ofjail free" card.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST RANGERS'
"THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
Riding through this world
All alone
God takes your soul
You're on your own
The crow flies straight
A perfect line
On the devil's path
Until you die
Gotta look this life
In the eye
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Morning.
Uh, morning.
Can you give me a minute?
Yeah, of course. Come on inside.
Hmm.
Can I get you anything?
No, I'm good. Thanks.
Where are the kids?
Oh, Jax took them to day care.
l'mjust, um...
...lying low.
Yeah. Of course.
Complicated time for all of us, huh?
Just say it, Wayne.
I've been replaying
how it all went down yesterday.
Chewing at me all night.
I got you that restraining order
request before...
...everything happened.
Yes.
Coincidence?
Oh.
Part of the, uh, plan
you couldn't share with me.
I needed to have protection in place.
We both know she's dangerous.
So this attack of Gemma's, causing
the miscarriage, that was all part of it?
DO you really wanna know?
I can't imagine you'd do anything
that might actually harm your own baby.
NO, I wouldn't.
But all that blood--
What I did...
...gives me legal precedent to separate
my kids from Gemma and the club.
I know how brutal it seems,
but it was the only way.
She could get manslaughter.
Well, I don't want that.
Well, then, you better call Roosevelt
and tell him you ain't pressing charges.
Even if I don't, the county
can still press charges.
I'll have Lowen call--
Gemma is locked in a cell...
...sitting with the weight
of a dead grandchild.
Appreciate you making the call now.
I'll go talk to Eli...
...see if they're gonna charge her.
I did it to protect my kids, Wayne.
I know how much
you care about her.
I'm not upset about Gemma, doc.
l'm upset about you.
Breaks my heart...
...that you had to become
something so wrong...
...to do what you thought was right.
What are you gonna do?
I ain't gonna tell her.
But I'm afraid...
...I can't help you no more.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SIGHS]
This is just a power play by the DA.
They've got nothing...
...so they're stirring shit up.
Yeah. Unfortunately, it hurts us here.
It's the last damn thing Charming needed.
I know.
Talk to Hale...
...let him know it's bullshit.
See if he can help.
TlG:
I'm more worried about the Byzlats.
Man, they're already unraveled.
Nero's inside, that shit
going down with Arcadio.
Aye. We Should head to Stockton,
check in with Fiasco.
Make sure our brown brothers
are level.
Yeah. Okay.
Let him know we're coming.
Of course.
We got interviews today too.
Caracara girls.
I can handle that.
Yeah, what? Yeah.
I'm manager of Operations.
You totally just made that up.
They won't know that.
How'd it go with Connor?
Okay.
Kings are keeping him stateside.
Want us to start tying down our buyers
for Clay. What Hap's doing.
Connor knows he's alive
because of us, Jax.
We talked a lot on the way up. He's....
He's a decent guy.
I think he'll be onboard
when we make the shift.
Good.
I appreciate your concern
about my family.
You don't have to say anything.
I can feel it.
I love you all for that.
Now, let's get to work.
Gemma doesn't think
she was pregnant.
Suggested Tara set her up.
I wouldn't know.
But you knew that Tara
wasn't gonna press charges.
I had a feeling.
Huh.
Anything criminal on your end?
What would you have done?
Well, if no one pressed charges,
I'd handle it like a 10-16.
Let the family work it out.
Keep an eye on them.
That what I should do?
[CHUCKLES]
It's yourjurisdiction, sheriff.
Use your best judgment.
Tell Gemma I'll be downstairs
if she wants a ride.
And what makes you think
that I'm gonna cut her loose?
Uh, Tellers, MC.
They're so deeply woven
into the fabric of this town.
On some level...
...you know, same way I did...
...if you rip them out...
...Charming unravels...
...never looks the same.
[DOOR CLOSES]
What's going on?
I don't know.
TlG:
Juicy, let's take a walk.
Come on.
Looks like they're on one.
Mm-hm.
Yo. Any word about Nero?
Nothing.
That's what this headline's about, man.
DA setting fires,
hoping someone on the streetjumps.
Yeah, we almost there, man.
Already got three dudes MIA.
Rest of these fools are spooked.
I got the Triple Two's circling, homey.
That ain't good.
Hey, listen.
We get you the manpower help you
push back the street beef. Good?
Yeah. That'll help.
Hey. We got something, middle of the block.
One deep. Brown. Idling.
Just sitting there, staring at us.
A cop?
Gotta be. By the looks of the ride,
it's probably Vice.
GOMES:
Shit.
That's what they're gonna do.
Sit on us, wait for a mistake.
FlASCO: Yeah.
[SIGHS]
Look, you got this until Nero
gets out. You hear me?
It's on you.
We gotta keep shit tight here, man.
Both crews.
Gotta keep our guys in line, let everyone know
it all works out if everyone stays even.
NO one breaks, no one talks.
Got it?
Yeah, you got it.
[ENGINE STARTS]
He's rolling this way.
JAX:
All right.
Business as usual.
[ENGINE ACCELERATES]
Hey. Hey.
NolNolNo!
JAX:
Jesus Christ.
FlASCO: Come on, man. We gotta get--
Find something to wrap the body.
TlG: Juice, Juice, come on.
FlASCO: No! No! Gomes.
We gotta get out.
QUINN:
Come on, he's dead, man. Come on, man.
Come on, man.
Get off of me.
Who the hell was that?
JAX: I don't know, brother.
But we need to get out of here now.
Hey, go get your car.
Put him in the trunk.
Are you serious?
TlG: Wrap him up.
You can't leave him on the street.
Let's go. Come on.
That was an old blue '84, '85 LeSabre.
There's not a lot of those cars around, man.
All right, man. Hey,
I need you to stay with these guys.
Take Gomes to Skeeter.
And then you put the word out.
Find that car.
Jackie. You should head home.
Go see your wife. We got this.
I'm good, brother.
Hey, hey. Go.
Let me take care of this.
I'll call you the minute
we hear something.
Go on.
All right, man. All right. Hey, thank you.
How'd you know
I was getting out?
Didn't know for sure.
What did Eli say?
Tara wasn't pressing charges.
He's still conducting
his investigation.
Suggested | stay close.
I may not have earned this, Wayne.
But I wanna know the truth.
I promise I won't turn it on you.
Did you know about any of this?
NO.
| just know she's just doing
what you would do.
Protecting her family from--
Tara framed me for killing her unborn baby.
That pregnancy was bullshit.
You know that.
You want the truth or not?
Your control over those boys,
your family.
It ain't healthy.
I'm doing what any mother would--
Just let me finish.
What drives you is bad history.
It ain't real.
And it ain't what's best for those boys.
I'm sorry this happened to you. I am.
You got a lot of love in you, Gemma.
Sweet, deep love.
I've seen it.
But it's so wrapped around
secrets and hate...
...I don't know if you can
find it anymore.
So, what l...?
| just let her destroy my life...
...take away my family?
Is that the payback
for all the secrets and hate?
You got a couple roads in front of you,
sweetheart.
One of them is real slow and
probably very uncomfortable...
...but eventually leads back
to those boys.
And the other one?
It's the road
you're already on.
Judge filed your restraining order.
It'll be served
at Gemma's house today.
And the custody waivers, they in place?
Yes.
With the case we've built, I doubt any court
would award custody to Jax or Gemma.
Good.
l have to ask you--
So this is....
This account is from the sale
of my father's house.
So I'll still be able to pay you
when we file against Jax.
That is not what
I was going to ask.
I know. But that's what you should
be focusing on. Doing yourjob.
I need full disclosure, Tara.
That's how I can defend you best.
Plausible deniability and payment...
...is how you defend me best.
You Should go.
Tara, I know what you did--
You can show yourself out.
[DOOR CLOSES THEN SOBBING]
Stop it.
You stop it.
Send him in.
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]: Yes, ma'am.
Thanks for coming to see me,
Charlie.
The least I could do, you springing
for the private car and all.
I assume you've read the bad news
about your business partners.
Yeah. Some very creative coverage.
Harvey Levin would be proud.
This is a proposed redistricting
of our city resources...
...to cope with our current fiscal issues.
It's my request for law enforcement.
This puts the port under the jurisdiction
of the Sheriff's Department.
Which means your cronies have to find
another way to supplement their paychecks.
I know I'm just an old, dirty dinosaur.
Probably just half as smart
as I think I am.
But I doubt you'd be giving me a heads-up
about all this. Which means, currently...
...that's just a threat.
An hour ago, a homeless couple
out by the old Hobart plant...
...saw a bunch of gang members
and guys on motorcycles.
They fit a familiar profile.
Then one of them ran down one of
the bangers, crushed him, dragged the body.
Threw it into the trunk of a car
and they all took off.
I want you to find out who it was
and why it happened.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Gloria Rodriguez on line two.
Said it's urgent.
Okay. Show Mr. Barosky out.
We're done.
What if I can't find anything?
Then this is no longer a threat.
It's a heads-up.
Tara?
Babe, you home?
[PHONE BUZZING]
[PHONE BEEPING]
Hey. You on a burner?
JAX: Yeah. What’s going on?
Patterson pulled me into her office.
I'm in a men's room now, stalling...
...before my police escort takes me home.
About the headline?
That and the hit-and-run this morning.
Jesus Christ.
She's threatening to bring the sheriff to police
the port. That steps on everyone's game.
What does she want?
For starters, that driver who ran down
your banger buddy this morning.
What does she know?
Nothing. She just knows it happened.
She wants me to fill in the blanks.
Listen, I'm swinging in the breeze here,
Handsome Jack.
I gotta give her something.
You owe me one.
My guys are looking for the driver.
I need him.
I’m heading there now.
I’ll let you know when we get a hit.
Get it soon.
Hey. I was looking for Tara.
She's not here.
What do you want?
l was there yesterday, at the hospital.
| just wanted to check on her.
You don't need to do that.
And don't come to this house again.
What are you gonna do?
Bang another speedball
in my arm?
I'll do whatever I have to do.
I don't doubt that.
Look, Jax, I know
how much you love your sons.
And I know everything you do, good
and bad, is about taking care of them--
Not really looking for your approval,
Wendy.
I'm not the enemy, Jax.
I want the same thing you want.
You don't know what I want.
For your son to grow up
without hate in his heart.
That's what I want.
I'm tired of being hated.
[LOCK BUZZES]
Where's Ms. Rodriguez?
I told her I needed
to talk to you alone.
You don't have time
to play this game, Mr. Padilla.
NO game. I'm ready.
I'm ready to give up the source
of the KG-9.
I'm listening.
You know about my son,
Lucious?
Yes. I'm aware of his condition.
His condition.
I want him moved
to the best facility in the state.
He gets the best care available
for the rest of his life.
I can arrange that.
I wanna end up someplace near him
so he can visit.
If you cooperate...
...he won't have to visit you in jail.
Yeah, he will.
It wasn't Teller who supplied the gun.
It was me.
I bought the KG-9 off the street.
Some journeyman dealer.
Never seen him before.
I gave it to Darvany Jennings
for protection.
Matthew...
...must have found the gun.
l'm responsible
for the death of those children.
[DOOR CHIMES]
Hey.
Hi.
You looking for Jax?
TARA:
lguess.
He had to head into Stockton.
Just stay for a minute,
all right?
I got this, Rat.
All right.
Hi. Really good to see you.
Yeah. You too.
I don't wanna interrupt.
Oh, no, I need a break.
The le are ovenNhelming me.
Looking for
a counter girl?
Yeah,
something like that.
You mind?
NO. Please, go ahead.
How are you feeling?
All right, I guess. A little sore.
I don't know what happened
between you and Gemma.
It's none of my business.
But I do feel like...
...I know you both pretty well.
And if there's anything
you need me to do....
I appreciate that.
lt'll work itself out.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Always does.
DO you think he can do it?
Move Samcro into
legitimate business?
It's always easy to move.
It's just hard to stay there.
You know, Jax is still trying to
figure out how to be king.
When he settles into that...
...he'll do what's best for the club.
The run we've been on
the last couple of years...
...almost any direction
is a better direction.
DO you think he can do it?
It doesn't matter what I think.
I'm just an old lady.
Thanks.
Look,doc.
Don't give up on him.
Jax is someone
who needs to be with someone.
Always been that guy.
We're up against it here.
I honestly don't know
if we're gonna make it.
But he ain't got a chance
without you.
We found the car, Jax.
Down there, end of the block.
JAX: Do we know who?
Well, he ain't a cop.
Localdude.
Guess he used to roll
with Camino Muerto.
Yeah, and they ain't been around
for years.
You think he's working OG
for someone else?
CHIBS:
Ah, nobody knows.
But we got a problem.
Fiasco put the call out.
Oh, Shit.
TlG: Yeah. They wanna knock the door
down and blow his brains out.
You know what, maybe we should
back away from this one.
JAX:
NO. There's a better way.
DA pressed Barosky about
the hit-and-run this morning.
Threatening to undo his port control
if he doesn't give her something.
All right, so he gives her the driver.
But we don't even know
who this guy is.
Whoever he is,
it ain't about us.
Barosky feeds it to the cops,
puts this guy out of commission...
...we keep our relationships intact.
CHIBS:
Aye, makes sense.
What do we do about the, uh,
three amigos over there?
JAX:
Nothing.
Just keep them calm till we hear sirens.
All right.
[CHIBS CLEARS THROAT]
MAN:
What's up, man?
Here you go. Ah, Lieutenant Roosevelt.
Moore tells me you picked up Teller's mother
on a domestic last night.
Yeah.
What happened?
Family dispute got physical.
Dr. Knowles miscarried in the attack.
Jesus.
Are these people just godless?
I don't know.
[SIGHS]
Here's the report
from Lee Toric's hotel room.
They found trace DNA
from blood on the linoleum.
It belongs to Erin Byrne.
Toric killed her. Not Nero.
That's very sad.
We meet the end we deserve,
lguess.
Heh, yeah.
So...
...do you want me to
cut loose Padilla?
Nero Padilla admitted to supplying the gun
to Darvany Jennings this morning.
And the MC?
NO. He said
he bought the KG-9 on the street.
You know he's lying.
About where
he got the gun, yes.
But Padilla's far from innocent
in this crime, lieutenant.
| get that.
But you're leveraging a confession
with a bogus murder charge.
You don't think his lawyer's
gonna look at this report?
She'll get him to claim coercion.
They'll throw out the confession.
I'm putting together a deal
that will give his son a better life...
...in return for his full admission.
And that makes it okay?
He's a man looking for a penance.
And I'm gonna give him one.
That's my job.
To look at the greater justice.
That's what this is.
Yeah. Okay.
What happens
to Mrs. Teller?
I cut her loose for now.
You think that's wise?
The facts were unclear.
Things didn't add up.
I guess I was looking at
the simplerjustice.
Guilty or not guilty.
You have a good day.
All right, Barosky's gonna
feed the intel to the DA.
We should clear out.
What's this about?
Shit, they're taking him.
Hey!
FlASCO:
Let's go.
MAN: We got him.
JAX: Fiasco!
JAX:
Fiasco!
Bro, what the hell are you doing?
We need to bounce now!
This ain't your business.
This guy's a dead man.
[SCREAMS]
[ALL SHOUTING]
MAN: Get on that bitch.
FlASCO: You see that face. Look at me.
DO you remember me, huh?
You jacked with the wrong group.
Stop!
FlASCO:
I'm gonna put a hole through you.
Look in my eyes! Look at me!
I said, stop!
NO! Hey, hey!
His kid was at the school.
What the hell are you talking about?
His kid!
[PANTS]
What?
Is this your boy?
It was. You piece of shit!
You guys gave that freak the gun!
He killed my baby boy.
Oh, Shit, man.
JAX:
Look, man.
We just found out
the cops know about the hit-and-run.
They're on their way here now.
You wanna kill this guy, house full
of evidence? Your car is parked outside.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Shit. So now what?
We just let him go?
His baby boy was gunned down,
brother. Dead.
He blames us for that.
What would you do?
Goddamn headlines did this, man.
[MAN GROANS]
TlG:
It's for your own good.
Let's get out of here.
CH l BS: Aye.
FlASCO:
Move.
CHIBS: Come on, come on.
TlG: Let's go. Come on.
I'm sorry.
[SIREN WAlLlNG]
Drop the knife. Sir, put down the knife.
OFFICER 1: You heard him.
OFFICER 2:
Listen to me. Sir, don't stand up. Sir!
Drop the knife!
OFFICER 1: Put it down now!
[GROANS]
Shit.
OFFICER 1: James, get an RA!
OFFICER 3: Get a medical response
right away. On the radio.
Goddamn it, give me a towel!
OFFICER 1: EAT?
OFFICER 3: Five out.
Let's go.
OFFICER 1: This is 42, we're on scene.
Checking through the house.
OFFICER 2:
He stabbed himself. He's dead.
Goddamn it.
Give me that.
OFFICER 1:
Check out back.
Oh, my God.
[CAR DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
I didn't know you would be out yet.
I'm out.
Can we, uh, go inside and talk?
[SIGHS]
Just do whatever you're gonna do,
Gemma.
What did she promise you?
Some kind of custody,
visitation deal?
Does it really even matter?
I'm the one who's supposed to be
hopeless here, sweetheart.
Was any of it true?
The newcomer attack?
Heh, wow.
Tapping into my rape rage
to bond.
Brilliant.
Your idea or Tara's?
I'm not gonna do this.
Oh, it's too late for that, darling.
It's already done.
Tara's very smart.
Very ambitious.
But she's not blood.
I don't know how, but eventually...
...Jax is gonna realize what she's done.
And the question for you is...
...when he finds out the truth...
...what side of the fence
do you wanna be on?
I'm starting to realize that...
...I lose either way.
Oh, no, it doesn't have to
be that way.
You backed the wrong horse.
I'm giving you a chance
to change your bet.
Help me prove what she's done.
[SCOFFS]
Then what?
You'll be the one
who gives me time with my son?
NO.
I'll make sure Jax doesn't kill you.
Think it over.
Gemma.
You Should take this.
[GEMMA SIGHS]
Take that too. Please.
[SIGHS]
You're gonna have to get rid of that
on your own, sweetheart.
Prove to me that you can
be trusted...
...to be a good mommy.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SOBBING]
We had no idea who the guy was.
Patterson's gonna want my balls
in a paper cup.
I'm sorry.
[CHUCKLES]
Eh, it serves that bitch right.
This shit's on her, man...
...leaking that story.
Kind of wish I was there
to see her face.
So, what are you gonna do?
Play her game.
She may wanna cut off my balls,
but she knows I know the truth.
This is one headline
she ain't gonna want leaked.
"District attorney forces victim's daddy
to slit his own throat."
It's very catchy.
NO worries. You did good, pres.
Yeah. Charlie.
What did you do with Alice?
The thing that should happen to every
pedophile. Chopped, burned and buried.
I shouldn't have killed her.
BAROSKY: Don't worry, kid,
I'm not gonna use it against you.
Unless I have to.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Let's go home, my brother.
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I know.
I got the restraining order.
But I just had to see you.
I've got nothing to say to you.
But I gotta say this to you.
I did not hurt Tara.
I didn't cause that miscarriage.
I would never--
You're a liar.
And you're a sick, twisted bitch.
You hate me all you want...
...but I'm telling you the truth.
Let this eat into your brain,
Mother.
You're never gonna see my wife.
And you will never
see those kids again.
Grandma is dead.
[WENDY GROANING]
[DOOR BUZZES]
This your deal for Lucious?
I want my lawyer here.
Open it.
What is this?
Trying to do right by your kid?
I wanna do right by these.
I am doing the right thing.
You're not.
You're too proud, too stupid
to do the right thing.
If you cared about these kids,
you'd tell me the truth.
I ain't saying another word to you
without my lawyer.
You don't need a lawyer.
Toric killed Erin Byrne.
You hold on to these.
And you think about them
every time you visit Lucious.
And know that if we believe in
the same god, debts will be paid.
[DOOR BUZZES]
He's free to go.
[CHUCKLES]
DO you ever regret it?
Coming back?
A lot of things I'd do differently.
[SIGHS]
Butno.
He makes it all worth it.
DO you?
Sometimes I wish
you'd come back five years sooner.
Or five years later.
I'm lost here, Tara.
I'm trying to put it back together...
...but I don't know if I can.
I know.
| just feel so far away from you now.
I know that's my fault.
Please just tell me, how do | get back?
I'm not sure.
Babe.
Please let me back in.